# Stacksy

<p>A project is an individual or collaborative enterprise that is carefully planned to achieve a particular aim which can be done by students, teachers, and any person who has an interest in it. Doing a project is a great idea that can make students competitive throughout the world and help them to develop their skills. But nowadays many students and people who are interested to do projects are facing difficulties. The reason is that they do not know where to start and what entire things are necessary for their project. This means they have the interest to do but there is no guidance for them. Such things can be an obstacle to success and they can kill creative minds.
However, we have solved these kinds of problems by building a tech stack recommendation web application for project workers. This application aims: to help passionate persons who are stacked in the way of starting or doing their project, to save time by generating all requirements for the project, and doing an accurate project with full functionalities. Tech stack recommendation is a web application that is used to give suggestion roadmap and things that are used to do a given project.
 Stacksy has 3 main divisions. The first division is tech stack recommendation, which mainly uses either the title or the keywords to find a solution for a particular project. The second part is the basic explanation part in which the source is included. It will Find in different sources and will give explanations back based on the given title or keyword which is important to the project. The third division of this application is ways of approach. this will generate a roadmap for the entire project, that is very helpful in how to start the given project. The particular user can compare if there is any roadmap before and use the best one in terms of implementation. The application of Stacksy can be for students, workers, or any person who is interested to do projects.
<p>
